Hey there! It's great to see you again.
In these coming lessons,
we're going to be talking about localization.
That's right.
Localization is the challenge of determining your robot's pose in a mapped environment.
We do this by implementing a probabilistic algorithm to filter
noisy sensor measurements and track the robot's position and orientation.
Here's an example of a robot inside of a mapped environment.
This robot's job is to keep the house's floors clean.
However, instead of starting at it's charging dock,
its starting position was elsewhere in the room.
The robot is moving around,
taking measurements, trying to figure out where it can be positioned in the room.
Since this is a probabilistic model,
the robot might have a few guesses as to where it is located.
However, over time, it should hopefully narrow down on a precise location.
Bingo! Now we've identified the robot's pose.
Its X and Y position coordinates within the room and theta, its orientation.
Great work!
Now, there's more than one way to localize the robot.
In fact, there are four very popular localization algorithms.
Starting with the extended Kalman filter localization,
which is the most common Gaussian filter that
helps in estimating the state of non-linear models,
moving through the Markov localization,
which is a base filter localization algorithm.
Markov maintains a probability distribution over the set
of all possible position and orientation the robot might be located at.
The grid localization is referred to as
histogram filter since it's capable of estimating the robot's pose using grids,
and finally, Monte Carlo localization,
also known as particle filter because it estimates the robot's pose using particles.
In this module, you'll learn the two most common localization algorithms.
The extended Kalman filter localization algorithm,
often called EKF localization,
and the Monte Carlo localization algorithm or MCL.
If you're interested in learning the Markov and Grid localization algorithms,
take a look at the references provided